Today's Journal
=
Wednesday morning 9:50 train; sunny day. Would rather be hiking

High Schoolers out on a field trip in San Leandro. What innocent
and happy times high school was (in retrospect, of course)!

At work, stuff for production got pushed. Now just waiting for errors
to hopefully not pour in.

Fortune Cookies of the Day
=
 _________________________________________
/ Your manuscript is both good and        \
| original, but the part that is good is  |
| not original and the part that is       |
\ original is not good. -- Samuel Johnson /
 -----------------------------------------

Conversation From the Guy Behind Me On The Train
=
From what I've been gathering

  * Peggie is in the last days of her life
  * Let her last few days of her life be something away from pain
  * Let her live without rules for she is not bound to this earth any longer

I don't know who this man is, or who he could be talking to on his phone,
but it is obviously a deep heartfelt conversation full of complexed emotions
dealing with the fragility of life and the collapsing mortal coil that has
obviously released its grip on someone.

I don't know who these people are, and I am sure I will never see or hear
from him again after I get off this train... but best of luck to him,
Peggie, and whomever he is talking to. May you find both meaning and
happiness wherever it is your life's tracks may take you.

On Model Stubs
=
Perhaps as a consequence of all those articles on testing I've been reading,
I've come to the conclusion that testing business logic should be done with-
out actually connecting to a real database (as how I persist my data should
be completely separate from how my business logic should work). 

Unfortunately, such functionality is not the forte of the the factory 
framework (factorygirl) that I am using. Consequently, I am forced to roll 
my own factory-esque gem. In particular, I need something to generate fake-
ish data that looks and operates like the real thing but without any actual
durability and should be a lot cheaper to make than the real thing.

It should be a complement to FactoryGirl, so I naturally went with the best
name I could come up with: ChineseFactory

Problems at Work
=
Find a catepillar in my lunch salad, truly disgusting.

Stuff I See On The Train Back From Work
=
8:20pm, on my way back home on the Dublin Pleasaton train, working on the mlr
project getting tests to pass. Ahead of me, standing by the entrance, two of
the touchy-feeliest gay guys I've ever seen this hour at after work on the train.
They leave off at Lake Merritt. I bet they going to dock later tonight.