Notes, Thoughts, and Whatnot
=
Here, I document my various thoughts, actions, and whatnot throughout
the day. 

The Morning
=
The morning begins as usual; I find myself on a relatively empty BART
train working on the MLR rails platform

* This has bothered me for a while, but why the hell doesn't Sublime Text
  Ruby-Rspec package correctly indent the end key after for the describe
  block? What the fuck?! Fix this bug please.

Afterwork
=
Periodically, I find myself replying to 4chan. As the case may be this time,
the topic happened to about a 14 year old girl winning some hackathon some-
where. While on Hacker News, reddit, and the other named / reputational forums
around the internet, people replied to the article with hearty congratulations
and pleasantries (if at all).

On 4chan, the deep dark thoughts previous locked away deep in only the faraway
hearts of man, surfaced. Here, mistargetted resentment, ugly jealousy, and 
what can only be described as the deepest self-loathing percolated through
the captcha onto the dark side board of the internet.

How could, after some, some 14 year old little girl have enough skill, discipline,
drive and experience to beat down a bunch of older men at their own game?
Especially since, for many of us, this game is the only thing we have? This has
to be bullshit; some intricate neoptisitc plot between her parents, the organizers
and whoever the hell else sits in the background rigging the game of life in
the favor of whomever was born lucky. Fuck this gay earth.

For the majority of my life, I would have whole-heartedly agreed with such
sentiment. After all, let's analyze the facts instilled in us since grade school
in American education:

* All men are born equal
* Life is fair
* Hard work = results
* Don't be afraid to dream, and don't be afraid to fail

After grade school, we equickly figure out the first two are hilariously false.
From an evoluationary point of view, all men cannot possibly be born equal as
otherwise would utterly make the entire theory pointless. Consequently, (or perhaps
as a collorolary of the central convergence theorem) life cannot possibly be fair
as there necessarily will always be outliers.

As we enter our twenties and thirties, we realize that hard work /= results.
Articles such as those that tell of 14 year olds winning Hackathons are such
prime examples. And, as we enter our 30s and 40s, we realize that perhaps it
was stupid to have dreamt so big; to have been so caught up in chasing after an
illusion that we've forgotten to live our youth as God may have intended.

Where then, is the meaning in our existence? If all basic tenents of equality,
fairness, work, and dreams are nothing but that - youthful imaginations. How
then do we find a point in working? In even living? How do we not find ourselves
filled with resentment towards those who have CLEARLY worked less (or at least
lived less) but have already found tremendous success?

As always with the hardest questions in life, the answer had always been there
in plain sight just waiting for good ol' stupid me to see it.


You know, I used to think and feel just as you do currently, enveloped by resentment and hatred both at my own inability and at the success of others. And for over a decade, I pushed myself hard in the pursuit of some fleeting dream of success. 

Does this sound like you, also, anon?

Do you work / read / learn while your high school / college / work friends go out on dates, parties, and vacations? Do you feel gnawing guilt whenever you're not working? Whenever you don't get enough done at work? Do the things you used to enjoy, be they video games, anime, or simply just zoning out in front of a wall no longer bring the same giddiness and joy to your heart? Do you feel that life, despite all you have and haven't achieved, all the dreams and ambitions you've realized or still
pine for, that you still feel your life is meaningless?

If this describes you, anon, take some time this week and completely unplug. Go somewhere by yourself away from the city, away from the people, the cars, the buildings, the internet, and all the hustle bustle interconnectivity that has taken over our lives. Go lie down under a starry sky where you're the only thing between the spinning Earth and the endless sky - these are things that were here before you and will remain here long after you. Ask yourself your place in this universe and ponder
your position in life. 
