On Lonely Friends In Colorado pt 2
=
TL;DR from part 1:

  * When you're young, single, and idealistic, find work you love, not work you
    have to put up with
  * Passion and dedication is far more important than skill in the long run

My point is the exactly just this: if you don't love your work and your work
envirnoment, then it's time to try your dang hardest to change that

On Rails File Layout
=
Things to do

  * Structure for modularity, not just conventional rails organization (stack-
    ing in models, controllers, assets, etc. produces immobile crap)

On Occasional Indeterminisms
=
Sometimes, the tests (in particular, has_active_record_spec on should throw 
NotImplementedError) would just fail for no reason. Then pass again consistently.
This indeterminism, is from random seed: 29815 

Resolved, as the case is, just need to set things back to nil after mocking with
FakeRecord

On Language
=
[Finding babel](http://www.washingtonpost.com/national/health-science/linguists-identify-15000-year-old-ultraconserved-words/2013/05/06/a02e3a14-b427-11e2-9a98-4be1688d7d84_story.html)

On Schools, Donations, Childrens, and Trains
=
On the Pittsburg / Bay Point line today, I encountered a small black child peddling
items for his school. He was probably an elementary school child - I well remember
myself doing the very same thing back in elementary school. At first, he tried against
3 probably wealth businessmen (who were probably headed home toward Lafeyette), who
although sociable and friendly, purchased nothing. He then asked two elder women,
probably hippies who were to bound to transfer for Richmond and Berkeley, who also
purchased nothing. Then a black dude, who, perhaps for solidarty, or perhaps out of
just simple compassion, gave the boy $3.

I leave myself out of this, but I happened to ignore him. At the time, I had no better
reason than the ugly fact and irritating truth that I'm cheaper than I hope to be, and
probably more racist than I can be proud of. As the boy walked past me, perhaps with a
look of hurt disappointment on his face (I didn't look because I am weak), I felt quite
wretched - I had not expected to be reminded of my own personal weakness of character
after an exhausting day dipshitting at work.

But at the same time, the cynical bitterness that has, for better or for worse (who am I
kidding, of course it's for worse) become a part of my character, instead snarled at the
schools that put the boy up to this. Some principal or teacher or PTA or superintendent
somewhere, no doubt, thought it would be a great idea to exploit the wide-eyed innocence
of children to further their capitalistic greed for more money. 

"Donate," I could almost hear their words reverbrating in my ear, "Or be known far and wide
that you are a cheapskate unsympathetic cynical bastard scrooge of a soul." All the while
hinting strongly, "Donate, and be a tool for us."

As it was, I defaulted to the cheapskate scrooge route because through inaction (well, not
necessarily true, I was technically passing rspec tests). But, in all truth, I was at a loss.
So much of today has become founded upon putting a person at a juxtaposition of his
conflicting ideals. Conflict, even on this small scale, rises to the surface for something as
simple as some one or two dollars.

Perhaps I'm simply overthinking this, but why has life become so complicated?