Another Day
=
Woke up a lot later than usual today, but decided to eat a healthy breakfast
and whatnot before heading out anyway. Thus is the consequence of living far
from where I work and essentially being forced to constantly deal with
previously incurred technical debt at a rather shitty work environment

On Cinco de LinkedIN
=
Went to LinkedIn's 10th anniversay celebration thing yesterday. Too much to
drink, too much to eat, but extremely fun nonetheless.

Fortune of the Day
=
 ________________________________________
/ Unless hours were cups of sack, and    \
| minutes capons, and clocks the tongues |
| of bawds, and dials the signs of       |
| leaping houses, and the blessed sun    |
| himself a fair, hot wench in           |
| flame-colored taffeta, I see no reason |
| why thou shouldst be so superfluous to |
| demand the time of the day. I wasted   |
| time and now doth time waste me. --    |
\ William Shakespeare                    /
 ----------------------------------------

Lonely Friends In Other States
=
Last night, while dining with Jim and Annie, our topic of discussion (as per
usual) happened to drift onto our friend Angelo, who now is in Colorado slaving
away for AMD in some tech corner there. The mutual consensus was that Angelo,
being by himself in part of America where everyone is older than him and likely
from an entire different walk of life, was very lonely. I tend to agree with this.
There is quite nothing nearly as soul-crushingly depressing as the thought that
everyone around you will go home at 5 or 6 and just loiter in the livihood of his
or her family and loved ones while you go home to play DotA (possibly by yourself).

Not that there is anything wrong with DotA or playing by oneself - in fact, one who
is so able to derive fun in life even despite lonliness is quite blessed. But there
is something decidedly wrong with being in a situation where such drastic measures
is necessary.

In particular, AMD... with heavy emphasis on Colorado.

Angelo, is this what you really wanted to do? Granted you always wanted to work in
tech, and possible fiddle with Verilog, but is getting cooped up for several years 
to a lifetime playing with circuits for some mediocre corporation in a part of the
world that's far from family, friends, and fun truly worth your time? Angelo, you
are in your twenties with a masters from a respected institution. You are in a time
of your life where boundless energy perfects the wild arc of ambition in the youth-
ful eye. Yet here you sit, rotting away in the lifestyle meant for people 10+ years
older than you.

If you believe the vicissitudes of voltage, current, Verilog, and quirky bugs to be
deeply meaningful, then good for you, you've found a place you belong. But if not,
what are you doing in Colorado? 

The other day, I heard of the article written by a staff columnist at the NyTimes (
or was it Washington Post?) speaking of one woman writer's journey out of college 
and into the real world. Unlike us science / engineering students, she was a business
major, but she faced a choice strikingly similar to our own when she went to an
interview for a position at the Quaker Oats company.

The interviewer at the time asked her a rather cannonical question, "why do you want
to work at Quaker Oats"

A truly simple question.

One we've all heard before and probably answered without much thought with bullshit.

But this woman gave it deep thought: "do I truly want to be selling oats for my life?"
And walked out the building and into something that was dualy meaningful and rewarding
for her. Such action neither stunted her professional growth nor physio-emotion health.