Thursday On The Train
=
It's funny how I've come to a liking for the works of Mark Twain through
something decidedly unliterature-ish: debian-based coding
 ________________________________________
/ Its name is Public Opinion. It is held \
| in reverence. It settles everything.   |
| Some think it is the voice of God. --  |
\ Mark Twain                             /
 ----------------------------------------

Microsoft & The Consumer Philosophy
=
A friend of mine who works at Microsoft was talking to me about Windows 8 metro,
which has become known as Microsoft's Gamble. The gamble being that touchscreens
and tablets - the stuff that metro and 8 were made for - were the way of the
future and whoever doesn't get on board the train to the future be damned.
Obviously, whatever backward hillbilly who doesn't own some form of tablet must
not be worth supporting.

Quite a strong stance for a company that has the advantage of momentum, corporate
history, and public goodwill. If I was in charge of any sort of decision making at
Microsoft (I'm not, and there's no reason why they would bother with my opinions
anyway), I would've hedged my bets and released a windows 8 that would be essentially
the EXACT same shit as windoes 7 except for differing branding and possibly minor
UI changes in addition to the vastly different 8 metro mode... But my MSFT-employed
friend gave me MS's reason for their decision. I will paraphrase here:
  
  > Users don't know what they want, so they need to be taught and trained into
  > wanting whatever it is we have to sell.

The statement seems to make sense; after all, it works in America - how else would
one explain the prolifterating shamwow info-mercials, penis-enlarge banner ads, or
the ever unnecessary sales pitch for another style of blender. But why generalized
to only Americans? People in Asia, Europe, or Africa can be just as much a tool to
their corporations (or countries) as people here.

But then, the thought occured do we truly not know what we want? Or is it more the
case we just don't know how to get what we want? Because truly, at our basic core,
the things we #can# want are truly few and all rather simple. We want to sustenace,
respect of others, sex (usually if male), attention (usually if female), and meaning
(if fortunate enough to live within the first world).

Every decision we ever make falls into one of these categories and, as such, every
product ever sold to us has convinced us that it will be able to help us achieve one
of those:

  > "X, tastes great, helps you lose weight" -> sustenance + attention
  > "Y makes your Z more convenient" -> implies time for the things other than Z

So let me correct Microsoft's attitude towards its user to what it really should
have been had it not been for some ridiculously dumb fuckup up top:

  > Users want to look cool to their friends, make money for themselves, and find
  > meaning in their lives. They don't know how to do it, so we'll trick them into
  > thinking getting a windows tablet will be the key to doing it.

The restatement suddenly makes it clear how marketing and management should have
approach the metro + windows 8 project.

It is immediately obvious due to the poor typing interface, it is near impossible to
do work (thus make money) on the tablet. In addition, MS should realize that the
tablet, by it's very nature, is a consumption-based tool, not a production-based tool.
One does not "produce" through "consumption".

It is not immediately obvious that a windows tablet will elevate one in the eyes of
his or her friends. Because it is difficult to produce on a tablet, it is hard to
imagine any audience passed their teenage years who would be impressed by it.

Finding meaning, as with all things, is extremely iffy for the 8 tablet as it is for
any and all products. But, as it is, tools that help an user attain meaning usually
enables the user to engage in some sort of action that he or she cannot engage in
easily previously. 

And therein is Microsoft's gamble; someone somewhere some time will discover a use
for the tablet.