Notes, Thoughts, and Concerns
=
Here I write down my thoughts so that I will not forget them

The BART - Same Direction Separate Ways
=
Working on this meta e-commerce app again; this time while on the BART
on the way home from work. Productivity on the train is rather strange;
here I sit, on a moving train with neither power nor internet yet I 
manage to focus and write (this blog-esque thing and even actual work).

I look around me, and everyone else is doing pretty much the same thing.
Less than a dozen feet from me, yet worlds away. Lost perhaps in the 
the jumbled tumbling blocks of some sort of Jeweler game on the phone,
or perhaps engaged in the (lack thereof) pages of some enthralling e-
book, or most egregious of all, engaged in a soulful conversation with
someone somewhere else faraway on (possibly) a train elsewhere through
the soulless magic of instant messaging.

Despite all the rhetoric, all the symbolism, and all the bullshit about
modern technology and social networking connecting people together, I
cannot help but notice that, though we are more connected to the world
than ever before, never before have we been less connected with each other.
Though our planet gets ever smaller with each passing day through the advent
of modern engineering, it seems our world has gotten ever bigger - even
the odd stranger with the odd tattoos just one seat over from mine is
texting away lightyears from me as I pen my faggy feelings down in
markdown.

On Working Out With Shaun T
=
Today I officially embark upon the ardous, marginally unreasonable, 
journey that is the Max circuit of Shaun T's Insanity. A mixture of 
giddy excitement has been coursing through my veins the entire day in
anticipation of the first day of Max Insanity; and, when the video loaded
up and Shaun T popped up onto the projector screen, I couldn't help
but crack the rueful smile of a druggie about to get his fix of whatever
crack-rocks or heroine powder those folks are into nowadays.

Shaun T's first words as the video begins, "This is going to kick your butt."

And kick our butts it did. As a male software engineer who grew up in an
upper-middle class study / school-oriented environment, I will probably
never experience what being a crack-whore would feel like... but I imagine
a person's first time doing Max Insanity comes close. The sheer pain and
suffering of the entire 1-hour workout tears and rends my muscles, sinewy,
and bones. Many times, I found myself on all fours panting and making weird,
unusually high-toned, breathy sounds in an attempt to breathe. And when it
finally ended, I couldn't help but feel absolutely abused and beaten,
like some bathroom towel originally designed to be used to wipe the soft
bottoms of a baby's bottom or the tender (unless hippie) cheeks of some
San Franciscan maiden, but actually used to wring out motor oil out from
between the flabby crotch of some hairy Mid-Western car mechanic.

Then, the pay-off high came in. Something about sore muscles and warm shower
water just works to produce magic. The sweat, grim, muck, dirt, and humilation
all melt away like with the cascading liquid jet, leaving behind a sort of
relaxed mellow high and a lungful of giddiness that lasts for hours and hours.

I couldn't help thinking, as I was walking home down Montegomery, that "ah, this
must be what sex for a woman feels like." It hurts really badly for the first
hour, then the mellow aura of satisfaction of having survived Shaun T sinks in
and I both can't wait for, yet dread to, start it all up again tomorrow after work.