On Love, Happiness, and Meaning in the Big City
=
Last night, I chanced upon encountering my female housemate as I was returning
home after work. It was earlier than usual (8:00 or so) and so I sat at the
kitchen counter and simply talked to her for a good long time. Although we spoke
of the many vicissitudes of life, work, and our thoughts, the thing that, 
particularly stuck with me was her almost casual statement of her friends' (and
possibly her own) attitude toward relationships

  > For many of my friends, [this] is their first seriously long term relationship
  > but they feel iffy about it because they find themselves wondering "can I do
  > better?"

This stuck with me because just the other day, I read a piece by Paul (will provide
link when I'm off the train and have internet access) about avoiding burnout and
finding meaning that suggested something extremely similar in the attitudes city-
folk in relationships.

  > I can do better

These four simple words have become a systemic plague on the city-dwelling psychology.
Regardless of life-situations and social-economic circumstance, we've become obsessed
with the quantification of our results. We metric ourselves the same way we'd measure
some science experiment or A/B test with full confidence that if we somehow try harder,
become "better" (whatever that means), and get busier, we'd somehow automatically
become "more successful" (once again, what does that even mean? More money?).

Just as John [Last Name] writes in Chimera (as quoted in SICP), the key to the treasure
is the treasure, so too is the journey to wealth the greatest wealth of all. This may
sound defeatist of me, but given the length of our lives compared to the passing eons,
would anyone (most importantly ourselves) truly care about the title of "lead X", "CEO
of Y", or "Chairman of Z" that we could attain in the short span of our youths? Surely
not in the long term... yet here we are, locked into 80hour weekly merciless struggle
for position, title, money, and "doing better".

As a consequence, love is dead in the city. There is none of that spiritual connection
between souls we are told once existed but now seems to mostly wind up in the pages of
Twilight (not that I read the book, I just hear they fuck a lot toward the end). In its
place, people do not fall in love, they fall in settle. They grow familiar, attached,
and come to a calm understanding devotion to their partner. In the place of what used
to a touch of literary magic is now simply city life.

  > With all the new exciting innovation disrupting our daily routine, life has some-
  > how managed to become a significantly more dull and repetitive.

Something Nice From Russia
=
[link](http://kottke.org/13/05/tender-moments-caught-on-russian-dash-cams)

Some Weird Shit With Indeterministic Testing
=
I'm not sure what exactly I've done, but when run a in a certain order, my tests lock up
and seem to go nowhere. Something is terribly amiss and I have no idea what could be the
source of it. But this essentially means I'm trying to be too clever with how I'm setting
things up